chore: release v0.23 (#1396)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [v0.23.0] - 2024-06-06

This is a new breaking release, and let's go through the changes.

### hyper v1.0

jsonrpsee has been upgraded to use hyper v1.0 and this mainly impacts users that are using
the low-level API and rely on the `hyper::service::make_service_fn`

> which has been removed, and for now on you need to manage the socket yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which has been removed, and from now on you need to manage the socket yourself.
```

```rust
async fn start_server() {
  let listener = tokio::net::TcpListener::bind("127.0.0.1:0").await.unwrap();

  loop {
    let sock = tokio::select! {
    res = listener.accept() => {
        match res {
          Ok((stream, _remote_addr)) => stream,
          Err(e) => {
            tracing::error!("failed to accept v4 connection: {:?}", e);
            continue;
          }
        }
      }
      _ = per_conn.stop_handle.clone().shutdown() => break,
    };

    let svc = tower::service_fn(move |req: hyper::Request<hyper::body::Incoming>| {
      let mut jsonrpsee_svc = svc_builder
        .set_rpc_middleware(rpc_middleware)
        .build(methods, stop_handle);
      // https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/102211 the error type can't be inferred
      // to be `Box<dyn std::error::Error + Send + Sync>` so we need to convert it to a concrete type
      // as workaround.
      jsonrpsee_svc
        .call(req)
        .await
        .map_err(|e| anyhow::anyhow!("{:?}", e))
    });

    tokio::spawn(jsonrpsee::server::serve_with_graceful_shutdown(
      sock,
      svc,
      stop_handle.clone().shutdown(),
    ));
  }
}
```

> Also, beware that `tower::service_fn` and `hyper::service::service_fn` are different and it's recommended to use `tower::service_fn` from now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, be aware that `tower::service_fn` and `hyper::service::service_fn` are different and it's recommended to use `tower::service_fn` from now.
```

### Extensions

> Because it was not possible or easy to state between RPC middleware layers

Author: ```suggestion
Because it was not possible or easy to share state between RPC middleware layers
```

To allow users to inject arbitrary data that can be accessed in the RPC middleware
and RPC handlers.

Please be careful when injecting large amounts of data into the extensions because
It's cloned for each RPC call, which can increase memory usage significantly.

The connection ID from the jsonrpsee-server is injected in the extensions by default.
and it is possible to fetch it as follows:

```rust
struct LogConnectionId<S>(S);

impl<'a, S: RpcServiceT<'a>> RpcServiceT<'a> for LogConnectionId<S> {
	type Future = S::Future;

	fn call(&self, request: jsonrpsee::types::Request<'a>) -> Self::Future {
		let conn_id = request.extensions().get::<ConnectionId>().unwrap();
		tracing::info!("Connection ID {}", conn_id.0);

		self.0.call(request)
	}
}
```

In addition the `Extensions` is not added in the proc-macro API by default and
one has to enable `with_extensions` attr for that to be available:

```rust
#[rpc(client, server)]
pub trait Rpc {
	// legacy
	#[method(name = "foo"])
	async fn async_method(&self) -> u16>;

	// with extensions
	#[method(name = "with_ext", with_extensions)]
	async fn f(&self) -> bool;
}

impl RpcServer for () {
	async fn async_method(&self) -> u16 {
		12
	}

> 	// NOTE: ext is injected here in the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// NOTE: ext is injected just after self in the API
```
